Add System Requirements into README.md (#295)
deeppavlov/dialog_flow_framework: README.md

* The framework is being actively maintained and thoroughly tested. The team is open to suggestions and quickly reacts to bug reports.

# Quick Start

## System Requirements

> - Supported operating systems include Ubuntu 18.04+, Windows 10+ (partial support), and MacOS Big Sur (partial support);

Reviewer: Why partial support?
We don't test them because of docker. I don't think there's anything else we don't support (and docker can be launched on these platforms).

> - Python version 3.8 or higher is necessary for proper functionality;

Reviewer: Too much text
```suggestion
- Python version 3.8 or higher;
```

> - A minimum of 1 GB of RAM is required for optimal performance;

Reviewer: These words don't mix well together. ("minimum", "required" and "optimal" are all about putting some restrictions on the amount of RAM)
```suggestion
- 1 GB of RAM is recommended for optimal performance;
```

> - If analytics collection or database integration is intended, Docker version 20 or higher may be necessary.

Reviewer: Why that version?
